# Theory 

## Definition 
Object is a dinamic data structure because he allow us to storage values on identified spaces called "properties".

## Create an object 
To create an object we can do: 

```
const exampleObject = {
  propertyName: value,
}
```

> JavaScript is based on objects. Everything in JavaScript is an object or can be threated as one. This includes arrays, functions, primitive data types (strings, numbers and more) or others.

## Get values in object 
Given an object:
```
const cupSticker = {
    player: "Neymar Jr.",
    goals: 99,
    team: "Brazil"
}
```

### Dot notation 
To acess the player name, we do: `cupSticker.player` 

Example:
```
console.log(cupSticker.player) // "Neymar Jr."
```

> Dot notation is literal. So, the name after the dot must be the exactly name on the object.

Example:
```
const key = "player";
console.log(cupSticker.key); // undefined
```

### Bracket notation 
To acess the team of the player, we can do: `cupSticker["team"]` 

Example:
```
console.log(cupSticker["team"]) // "Brazil"
```

> This notation type allow us to get values from keys that starts with a number or contains space.

> Yet it's possible get a value by passing a variable in the space between the curly brackets.

Example:
```
const key = "team";
console.log(cupSticker.key); // "Brazil"
```

# Questions 

### Which notation would you use to access a property of an object if the property name contains spaces? 
> Bracket notation 

### What's an advantage of using bracket notation over dot notation when accessing object properties? 
> It allows you to use variables as property names. 

### Why is it said that most things in JavaScript are objects? 
> Because even primitive data types can be treated as objects in certain contexts. 
